Support proxying through prepend.me (#29)
firstdraft/ai-chat: README.md

y.generate! # => {:content => "Here is the graph.", ... }
```

## Proxying Through prepend.me

You can proxy API calls through [prepend.me](https://prepend.me/).

```rb

> chat = AI::Chat.new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chat = AI::Chat.new(api_key_env_var: "PROXY_API_KEY")
```

?

Unless there is default behavior to search for that exact key name, but I don't think there is. We could also perhaps update the section (`[the section on API keys](#api-key)`) with the key naming convention, but I think it makes sense here with a note that the key doesn't _have_ to be named `PROXY_API_KEY`

Author: I think [we discussed this previously](https://github.com/firstdraft/ai-chat/pull/29#discussion_r2475185926), but you can still use the default environment variable `OPENAI_API_KEY` with a prepend.me token and `AI::Chat#proxy = true`. I just used a different environment variable in the example script to avoid having to override the existing environment variable.

Reviewer: Oh, yeah! I forgot. Thanks.

chat.proxy = true
chat.user("Tell me a story")
chat.generate!
puts chat.last[:content]
# => "Once upon a time..."
```

> When proxy is enabled, **you must use the API key provided by prepend.me** in place of a real OpenAI API key. Refer to [the section on API keys](#api-key) for options on how to set your key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When proxy is enabled, **you must use the API key provided by prepend.me** in place of a real OpenAI API key. You must explicitly pass the key name in the `api_key_env_var:` argument to the `AI::Chat.new` method.
```

Or something like that? I think these instructions should be self-contained and not refer to another section.
